Italian food is adored everywhere, and sometimes you just want it. Although we can envy the Italians, who have every chance of finding authentic cuisine in almost every point in Italy, in other countries you need to know where to go. If you want to enjoy Italian food without going to Italy, you can visit our restaurant https://mercato.ua . We will assume for you a cool Italian cuisine with artisanal homemade pizza and sumptuous desserts. Our recently opened location in the shopping center "Gulyver" in Kiev.
Italian food is more than just pizza and spaghetti. Your restaurant has an extensive selection of ingredients, tastes and delicacies with which it is possible to conduct an experiment. “Italian food is brave and nutritious, but not difficult at all. Someone is abundant and textured and applies the whole range of tastes, ”testifies Michael Chiarello, the head chef and owner of Bottega in the California plain. “The pleasure of Italian cuisine is the most experimental, and not mental at all. This is done from a more emotional zone, which is quite unforgettable. ”
Mercato is an original concept that combines the speed of a fast-moving restaurant with the sophistication of a classy atmosphere and quality food. Here you can enjoy pizza. Pizza is one of the well-known, perhaps noted, dishes that have become cult in an absolutely world wide, Italian cuisine. And just like any popular dish, food has its own criteria for proper preparation.
The dough for the purpose of this pizza is made on the basis of a special wheat flour, which we do not do in our country. Hard sorts of flour are also likely to be added, but grinding applies only a small, “00”. Due to the use of this kind of flour, the mass becomes elastic, and when baking, it remains thin and does not sprinkle like pies. In addition, on the edge of the dough should be consistently crispy. Pizza is cooked only with the use of olive oil, which is applied evenly on the whole cake.
Pizza is required to be fine, including stuffed ones, this demonstrates a particular pizzaiola group and the quality of the place.
In our restaurant for the preparation of pizza, we use quality food. Come in we will always be glad to see you.
